Inman Senior Resident English Class
Intermediate Level On-line Lesson No. 5
Coronavirus vaccine: When will we have one? 新冠肺炎疫苗
Please play the recording (同学们请听录音)
Vocabulary （词汇）:
spread: 				传播
vaccine：				疫苗
immune：				免疫
lockdowns：			封城
breakneck：			惊人（断脖）
positive：				阳性
antibodies：			抗体	
comprehensive：		综合
decades：				几十年
feat：				壮举/奇迹
Trials：				试验（包括人体跟动物）
Deliberately：			故意
Prioritise：				
 
Paragraphs （正文）：
 
Coronavirus is spreading around the world, but there are still no vaccines to protect the body against the disease Covid-19 causes.
 
冠状病毒正在世界各地传播，但仍然没有疫苗来保护身体免受Covid-19引起的疾病。
 
Medical researchers are working hard to change that. 
 
医学研究人员正在努力改变这种状况。
Why a coronavirus vaccine is important
 
为什么冠状病毒疫苗很重要
A vaccine would provide protection by training people's immune systems to fight the virus so they should not become sick. 
疫苗将保护人们，训练免疫系统的对抗病毒，这样他们就不会生病。
This would allow lockdowns to be lifted more safely, and social distancing to be relaxed. 
这将使封城能够更安全地解除，社交距离也得到放松。
What sort of progress is being made?  取得什么样的进展
Research is happening at breakneck speed. About 80 groups around the world are researching vaccines and some are now entering clinical trials.
研究正在以惊人的速度进行。全世界约有80个团体正在研究疫苗，有些进入临床试验。
The first human trial data appears positive, showing the first eight patients all produced antibodies that could neutralise the virus.
第一个人类试验数据呈阳性，显示前八名患者都产生了可以中和病毒的抗体。
The scientists have begun injecting animals with two potential vaccines. It is the first comprehensive pre-clinical trial involving animals, and the researchers hope to test humans by the end of April.
科学家们已经开始给动物注射两种研发疫苗。这是首次涉及动物的临床前综合试验，研究人员希望在四月底之前对人进行测试。
However, no-one knows how effective any of these vaccines will be.
然而，还没有人知道这些疫苗会有多有效。
When will we have a coronavirus vaccine? 何时接种冠状病毒疫苗
A vaccine would normally take years, if not decades, to develop. Researchers hope to achieve the same amount of work in only a few months. 
疫苗通常需要几年，即使不是几十年才能研制出来。研究人员希望仅仅在几个月内完成同样的工作。
Most experts think a vaccine is likely to become available by mid-2021.
大多数专家认为，一种疫苗很可能在2021年年中上市。
That would be a huge scientific feat, and there are no guarantees it will work.
这将是一个巨大的科学壮举，但无法保证它会有效。
Four coronaviruses already infect humans. They cause common cold symptoms and we don't have vaccines for any of them.
四种冠状病毒已经在人类中传播。它们会导致常见的感冒症状，而我们没有针对其中任何一种的疫苗。
What still needs to be done?还需要做什么
Multiple research groups have designed potential vaccines, however, there is much more work to do. 
多个研究小组研发疫苗，但是，还有更多的工作要做。
Trials need to show the vaccine is safe. It would not be useful if it caused more problems than the disease试验需要证明疫苗是安全的。如果它造成的问题比疾病还多将没有用处。
A way of producing the vaccine on a huge scale must be developed for the billions of potential doses必须开发大规模生产数十亿疫苗来接种的方式
Medicines regulators must approve it before it can be given药品监管部门必须批准，然后才能接种
 
Finally there will be the huge logistical challenge of actually vaccinating most of the world's population最后，将面临着巨大的挑战际为世界上大多数人口接种疫苗
The idea of giving people the vaccine and then deliberately infecting them (known as a challenge study) would give quicker answers, but is seen as too dangerous while there is no known treatment. 给人们接种疫苗，然后故意感染疫苗（称为挑战研究）的办法会给出更快的解决方案，但在没有已知的治疗方法时太冒险。
How many people need to be vaccinated? 有多少人需要接种疫苗？
It is hard to know without knowing how effective the vaccine is going to be. 不知道疫苗多有效前很难预估。
It is thought that 60-70% of people needed to be immune to the virus in order to stop it spreading easily (known as herd immunity). 据认为，60-70%的人需要对病毒免疫才能阻止它很容易传播（称为群体免疫）
But that would be billions of people around the world if the vaccine worked perfectly.
但是，如果疫苗效果完美的话，全世界将有数十亿人需要接种。
Would a vaccine protect people of all ages? 疫苗能保护所有年龄段的人吗？
It will be weaker in older people, because aged immune systems do not respond as well to immunisation. We see this with the annual flu jab. 
疫苗会在老人里更弱，因为老年免疫系统对疫苗免疫的反应不好。这一点与每年流感疫苗类似。
Who would get a vaccine? 谁会被接种疫苗
If a vaccine is developed, then there will be a limited supply, at least initially, so it will be important to prioritise. 如果研制出疫苗，那么供应将受到限制，至少最初是这样，因此必须考虑优先权。
Healthcare workers who come into contact with Covid-19 patients would come first. The disease is most deadly in older people so they would be a priority if the vaccine was effective in this age group.
与Covid-19患者接触的医护人员将名列榜首。这种疾病在老年人中是最致命的，因此，如果疫苗在老龄段有效，老年人将拥有优先权。
However, it might be better to vaccinate those who live with or care for the elderly instead.
然而，也需要为与老年人一起生活或照顾老年人的那些人接种疫苗。
